Readme.md, before:

![Preview of Saxy](demo_Saxy.svg?raw=true)

# Saxy

Saxy is a font for music notation of Saxophone fingerings (tablatures).

## Downloading and installing

You can download Saxy with these links ([TTF](redist/Saxy.ttf?raw=true), [OTF](redist/Saxy.otf?raw=true)) and follow the standard procedures for installing and selecting fonts on your system.

## Usage

Basic usage is described in the [Manual](docs/manual.md).

## Requirements

This font should work in any program that handles fonts reasonably.
Some programs - like Microsoft Word - may require you to explicitly enable OpenType features.

[Changelog](docs/changelog.md)

## Things and Thongs using this font

The Musescore Plugin [saxophone-fingerings](https://github.com/Marr11317/saxophone-fingerings) uses this font.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. See [docs/contributing.md](docs/contributing.md) to get started.

*Saxy is licensed under the SIL Open Font License. That means that it is free to use. However, developing fonts takes considerable time and effort, so if you regularly earn money with this font (by using it for commercial work or by selling a derivative of it on its own or as part of a larger work or collection), please consider supporting me with a donation [via paypal.](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=S2ZCFC2QSQVQ4&source=url)*

Commit message:

add link on how to enable opentype features

Readme.md, after:

![Preview of Saxy](demo_Saxy.svg?raw=true)

# Saxy

Saxy is a font for music notation of Saxophone fingerings (tablatures).

## Downloading and installing

You can download Saxy with these links ([TTF](redist/Saxy.ttf?raw=true), [OTF](redist/Saxy.otf?raw=true)) and follow the standard procedures for installing and selecting fonts on your system.

## Usage

Basic usage is described in the [Manual](docs/manual.md).

## Requirements

This font should work in any program that handles fonts reasonably.
Some programs - like Microsoft Word - may require you to explicitly enable OpenType features.

Here's a link on how to do that for Microsoft Word, Photoshop and Illustrator:  https://medialoot.com/blog/how-to-enable-opentype-features-in-word-photoshop-and-illustrator/

## Changelog

See [docs/changelog.md](docs/changelog.md)

## Things and Thongs using this font

The Musescore Plugin [saxophone-fingerings](https://github.com/Marr11317/saxophone-fingerings) uses this font.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. See [docs/contributing.md](docs/contributing.md) to get started.

*Saxy is licensed under the SIL Open Font License. That means that it is free to use. However, developing fonts takes considerable time and effort, so if you regularly earn money with this font (by using it for commercial work or by selling a derivative of it on its own or as part of a larger work or collection), please consider supporting me with a donation [via paypal.](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=S2ZCFC2QSQVQ4&source=url)*
